README.md, before:

# Portfolio Repository - Semyon Tsyrenov

Welcome to my **Portfolio Repository**! This repository contains a collection of my **coding projects**, showcasing my skills in **Python development**, **data analysis**, **game programming**, **web scraping**, and **database management**.

---

  ## Highlighted Projects
  
  ### 🤖 [AI-Powered Resume Form Filler](https://github.com/Semne77/Workflow_Agent.git)
  An AI agent that parses resumes and automatically fills out online job applications using OpenAI GPT-4, LlamaIndex, and Optical Character Recognition tools. Supports resume, voice, and screenshot inputs. Modular and reusable design for diverse form platforms.
  
  ### 🔍 [RAG_Model](https://github.com/Semne77/RAG_Model)
  A machine learning–based question-answering system that uses a searchable database (via FAISS) to find relevant information. It combines a language model with external data to generate more accurate and helpful answers.
  
  ### 🎾 [ATP Tennis Scraper](https://github.com/Semne77/atp_tennis_scraper)
  A Python-based web scraper and PyPI package that collects ATP tennis ranking data for use in sports analytics. Designed to support data visualization and reporting.
  
  📦 Also available as a published [PyPI package](https://pypi.org/project/atp-tennis-scraper/) — install with:
  ```bash
  pip install atp-tennis-scraper
  ```

  ### 📊 [Budgeting Application(Capstone Project)](https://github.com/Semne77/cs451r)
  A full-stack personal finance management application built with React and Spring Boot that enables users to track transactions, set financial goals, and visualize spending patterns through interactive dashboards. It features secure user                authentication, real-time data visualization with Chart.js, and a PostgreSQL database for comprehensive financial data management.
  


### 🗂 [School Project Portfolio](https://github.com/Semne77/Portfolio)
This repository includes multiple academic projects developed during my Computer Science coursework:
- Connect 4 Game (Python)
- Course Mapping Application
- Database Management Project
- SOS Game
- Web Scraping + Analytics

---

## Repository Structure

### 1️ Connect 4 Game  
**Folder:** `Connect_4_Game/`  
**Description:** A Python-based Connect Four game where two players compete to connect four tokens in a row, column, or diagonally.

### 2️ Course Map Application  
**Folder:** `CourseMap_Application/`  
**Description:** A planning tool for academic pathways that helps students visualize course prerequisites and plan future semesters.

### 3️ Database Project   
**Folder:** `Database Project/`  
**Description:** A structured relational database project involving schema design, SQL queries, and normalization.

### 4️ SOS Game  
**Folder:** `SOS_Game/`  
**Description:** A Python game implementation of SOS with board state tracking and win condition logic.

### 5️ Web Scraping + Analytics   
**Folder:** `WebScraping+Analytics/`  
**Description:** Web scraping scripts used to extract data for analysis and visualization, including data cleaning and export.

---

Thanks for visiting! Feel free to check out the individual folders for more details and code samples.

Commit message:

Revise project list in README.md
Updated project descriptions and added a new weather application entry.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Repository - Semyon Tsyrenov

Welcome to my **Portfolio Repository**! This repository contains a collection of my **coding projects**, showcasing my skills in **Python development**, **data analysis**, **game programming**, **web scraping**, and **database management**.

---

  ## Highlighted Projects
  
  ### 🎾 [ATP Tennis Scraper](https://github.com/Semne77/atp_tennis_scraper)
  A Python-based web scraper and PyPI package that collects ATP tennis ranking data for use in sports analytics. Designed to support data visualization and reporting.
  
  📦 Also available as a published [PyPI package](https://pypi.org/project/atp-tennis-scraper/) — install with:
  ```bash
  pip install atp-tennis-scraper
  ```
  ### [Weather worldwide](https://github.com/Semne77/WeatherApp)
  A full-stack weather application built with React and Flask that allows users to view current weather conditions on an interactive map or search by location. It also provides historical and forecasted weather data for selected date ranges, with AI-generated recommendations to help tennis tournament supervisors decide whether matches should be held indoors or outdoors. Includes saved search history, PDF export, and full frontend/backend test coverage.
  
  ### 🔍 [RAG_Model](https://github.com/Semne77/RAG_Model)
  A machine learning–based question-answering system that uses a searchable database (via FAISS) to find relevant information. It combines a language model with external data to generate more accurate and helpful answers.

  ### 📊 [Budgeting Application(Capstone Project)](https://github.com/Semne77/cs451r)
  A full-stack personal finance management application built with React and Spring Boot that enables users to track transactions, set financial goals, and visualize spending patterns through interactive dashboards. It features secure user                authentication, real-time data visualization with Chart.js, and a PostgreSQL database for comprehensive financial data management.
  


### 🗂 [School Project Portfolio](https://github.com/Semne77/Portfolio)
This repository includes multiple academic projects developed during my Computer Science coursework:
- Connect 4 Game (Python)
- Course Mapping Application
- Database Management Project
- SOS Game
- Web Scraping + Analytics

---

## Repository Structure

### 1️ Connect 4 Game  
**Folder:** `Connect_4_Game/`  
**Description:** A Python-based Connect Four game where two players compete to connect four tokens in a row, column, or diagonally.

### 2️ Course Map Application  
**Folder:** `CourseMap_Application/`  
**Description:** A planning tool for academic pathways that helps students visualize course prerequisites and plan future semesters.

### 3️ Database Project   
**Folder:** `Database Project/`  
**Description:** A structured relational database project involving schema design, SQL queries, and normalization.

### 4️ SOS Game  
**Folder:** `SOS_Game/`  
**Description:** A Python game implementation of SOS with board state tracking and win condition logic.

### 5️ Web Scraping + Analytics   
**Folder:** `WebScraping+Analytics/`  
**Description:** Web scraping scripts used to extract data for analysis and visualization, including data cleaning and export.

---

Thanks for visiting! Feel free to check out the individual folders for more details and code samples.
